Update ecs-deployment-tutorial.md (#6309)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/ecs/ecs-deployment-tutorial.md

![](./static/ecs-deployment-tutorial-42.png)

> :::note
> 
> An Amazon ECS deployment type determines the deployment strategy that your service uses. These are provided as deployment controller. Harness support only rolling update (ECS) type controller
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-service-deploymentcontroller.html
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/deployment-types.html
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

The Amazon ECS deployment type uses a deployment controller to determines the deployment strategy for your service. Harness support only rolling update (ECS) type controller. For more information, go to [AWS ECS service deployment controller](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-service-deploymentcontroller.html) and [Amazon ECS deployment types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/deployment-types.html).

:::
```
